The answer to the second part of the challenge is within this note. Most of these thoughts are not implemented as the instruction was to not implementing but to just pointing them out. If you had any questions or doubts, I would be more than happy to have a techie chit-chat! :)

* Suggestions for the API improvement:
    - A general rule for naming resources is to have them in a plural format, so using rates instead of rate could be an improvement for the API.
    - Making the /rate/ endpoint a GET request instead of a POST request; In the context of REST APIs, whenever making multiple identical requests has the same effect as making a single request — then that REST API is idempotent. An HTTP method is idempotent if an identical request can be made once or several times in a row with the same effect while leaving the server in the same state. Since our endpoint is not altering any state inside the server, and just doing a simple calculation, it would be an improvement to make the method a GET request. Now, because of the idempotency of a GET request, most of the webpage resources are returned via this method, and the browser by default will cache get requests. POST is not Idempotent and can’t be cached on the client-side. Using mechanisms like conditional GET could also be a topic open for discussion (if the parameters are the same, so is the result).
    - The API could use versioning as a step toward improvement.
    - Not using trailing forward slash in URIs, as the last character within a URI’s path, a forward slash (/) adds no semantic value and may cause confusion. It’s better to drop them completely.
    - Implementing Hypertext Application Language. (Since the APIs in this project are based on OpenAPI specification, and based on the ideas from HATEOAS, the same could be implemented for OpenAPI -> (https://github.com/cbornet/ohm).
